are there very strong `` you should believe in god '' tones ? i ve been avoiding it because i ve been unsure
you must be such cool person
the secret of nimh is just all kinds of great , i love that movie to bits and sadly i rarely come across people who ever heard of it there never was a sequel though never
amc just started doing it or if you live in texas or denver , the amazing alamo drafthouse and if neither work , you can always pour some vodka into your icee
she s not funny at all , but the majority disagree with us so we will get downvoted for having the `` wrong '' opinion this bit was a digits minute long samsung commercial
that was a horrible come-back nice to see the hive-mind at work in its blatant `` downvote anything movie digits related '' mode
hitchcock movies all you need is hitch
yeah that s the one i was one of the guys at the final party it was filmed in perth and they had a few hundred people come out for it
at least they didn t call it trans digitsmers guys that s all that really matters i won t pay to see it , but i ll appreciate its special effects on fx in like five years
all the rush hour movies i ve watched the bloopers countless times just as funny as the movies if not more
it s even better than that , he plays a normal cowardly man who must die repeatedly in order to become tom cruise it s the ultimate tom cruise movie
`` you get out of here ! and take that opinion with you `` - reddit
thanks bro , i wasn t going to make a gif of this i also love when mcqueen snatches the oscar away from the presenter like it was his birthright or something insert gif somebody !
kermode is fairly good but for an in depth , intelligent look at films , closer to ebert s level , i would recommend listening to filmspotting
so close
i mean , at least that should be really easy to cover up , but wtf was he thinking ?
hard eight is such a great film , and it also has one of my favourite p s hoffman moments
wow just wow
i guess they got the spinable arrow signs so that they could move the sign s location and still use it to point to the east dock `` spared no expense '' my ass
i auditioned and made it through to the digitsrd round thanks for the call jj , for fuck sake a text would have done pal i suppose it ll be ok
suit has a lot of tech on it definitely looking forward to the movie ! also i didnt know ants have wings on them and allowed them to fly
what ajoke
i disagree on shorter running times i won t even consider going the for something under digits mins running time i won t spend digits bucks for a lengthy tv episode
the amazing bulk has some pretty inspired cgi url
i thought he had the ability to leach opportunity off the coat tails of larger baldwin s
what s that from ?
isn t it every movie nominated in all categories ? so like a shut load more than nine
wes anderson has an amazing eye for composition that exceeds just symmetry , but includes relationship as well a quick example , take a look at this family composite shot from the royal en and note the positioning of margot
heretic ! how dare you speak ill of oscar bingo
they also took the mutant aspect digits steps too far they look like fucking monsters
yep , the production code was terrible , but hollywood was concerned with being viewed as corrupting the public and portraying encouraging immoral behavior some things never change it s amazing that so many great films managed to be made working around the code
nd get it a get it and get it and get it
what is this an ad for ?
i d rather see a non camera pic
they re both pretty shitty i ll make a new one gim me a bit to find source footage edit : remade higher res , actual speed url
i guess that means you didn t watch it
wow , that is going to be a very interesting crowd on opening night , lol
matthew fox may not have a ton of range as an actor but i think we ve seen him be stranded on an island with so many strange people long enough that i could see him being stuck on a ship with tons of strange people similar characters too shepard = shepard
i want to hang out with mcconaughey seems like a cool ass dude
serious question , is there a way to buy the elsa poster ? it s gorgeous and i d love to put it up on my wall
`` if you like a certain director , then you ll love movies directed by that director ! ''
let s add this to the list of things that are certainties in film , right under `` eva green playing strong female character who gets naked ''
motivation is all you need , although several million dollars would help
and then wiped that version of him from existence with days of future past !
i am pretty sure you are incorrect edit : google bart images , he has digits spikes , so does the image
and it s the most glorious cooch shot of all time
to be fair , pretty much every disney feature has been a family-friendly version of a story that was originally just as fucked up as anything martin would write
i m hoping they play this song in the film at some point at least a version of it
i definitely wan na do acting now go get em , tiger
emma stone is looking really skinny
this one has a side by side comparison
the only bad thing about this movie was the ending but overall , i can see why it s at the top
i like football , but i don t like burnley , burnley can fuck off !
obviously you ve never seen the departed or boogie nights
but i am you
who do you think ellen has been going with
pinhead isn t the only cenobite that kills people in the hellraiser films
he d better get an oscar for prisoners
digits years a slave : european gigolo
this title nearly gave me a heart attack at first glance , i thought it was announcing this as the cast of some ill-advised slaughterhouse-five adaptation i am so glad that is not the case
yea didn t leo say he was taking a break ? then he and jonah are making some new film ?
whats up with studios showing us the entire movie before it comes out ?
don t worry , he caught her ! wink
link to the trailer for the lazy
agreed , everyone thinks he s hilarious but i can t stand him he might just be the next dane cook
the departed the elevator scene because it s awesome
judge dredd works better because you can at least see half a face , and karl urban was a pro at getting quite a bit of emotion out of dredd s scowls master chief is just a talking helmet he might as well be a robot
do you people realize what we re seeing here ? is a movie based on a book based on a fanfiction based on a movie based on a book we ve come full circle shut it down
jesus he lived digits minutes away from me , i had no idea
don t we all ?
darwin , the one fucking mutant who s power is to literally be able to adapt to any situation is the first one killed off
michael b jordan
and what is indiana jones favorite movie ?
very bad things- everybody gets what they deserve
titanic was in the digitss , and i know a lot if people who saw their first boobie in that in the digitss didn t pg movies have boobs ?
i love me some catch me if you can !
that s a late video release the original movie posters did not reveal the end in any version is an example
she could play both characters in this movie and i wouldn t complain
spaceballs digits : the search for more money
uh that is donald faison i can see the resemblance though
made better by dark side of the moon
that s good news the t-rex jeep scene in the first movie was the best part of the whole franchise
vaughn s movies always have some really awesome actions scenes , so i m looking forward to this also , can anyone guess the cameo ?
when godzilla blows a blue load down that creatures mouth and then looks up at the sky like `` i m the shit '' , that was hands down the sickest thing i have seen in a creature movie in a long time
i love it when brits win oscars
matrix : the search for more money
fight club is the only trailer i ve ever gotten mad at it looked like a super macho movie about underground fighting it contains that , but is not that
what
til california man had a different name in the us not surprised , though what the hell is a encino ? brit
these are actually decent movies and are better spiritual successors to indiana jones than indiana jones digits
i can t believe my parents let my chain watch it what is his chain ? his parents obviously didn t have authority to tell the cinema chain what to broadcast it couldn t have been that fuck it , you may as well have said `` darude - sandstorm ''
i was hoping the bafta s would perhaps be giving prisoners some love , i guess not sad
didn t the same thing happen with adventure time ? the voice of finn s older brother was the one who actually was meant to be in the show , but the little bro got the part
reddit is one person
that s up to the producers of the show whether it will compete in the drama category or the miniseries category though
too soon
i kinda like this version better
`` i fucking hate everything ! my life sucks , so i m going to criticize every single person , joke , song , and winner of the oscars ! '' -most of reddit
i watched the iron lady last night on netflix and i really thought it would be a good movie because meryl streep won her third best actress oscar from her performance in that movie in the end i watched a boring movie that really didn t take me anywhere
natalie portman
digits years a slave is about an unpaid intern right ?
`` the man from nowhere '' is an extremely good foreign movie on netflix and is also definitely worth your time !
that was great ! to bad only god forgives wasn t as good as blade runner
digits year old account with digits post karma and digits comment karma my shill sense is tingling
and that s a long delivery his boss is gon na be pissed when he gets back and there s orders waiting to go out
i really liked him in lockout i really thought it was going to kind of cement him as a new snake plisken type
robert downey jr , tropic thunder
i still believe if you closed your eyes during gravity you d think you were watching porno
i m surprised nobody has mentioned digits monkeys on here yet and the band played on , an hbo film about aids , is wonderful isolation , an irish horror film , is a pretty damn good one so is splinter and slither the stuff and cabin fever are decent outbreak is my favorite and one of the best but it was already mentioned here
any non cc link for us non americans ?
i didn t know nicholas cage won an oscar , not to mention as one of the youngest ever to win the best actor damn , my movie trivia is lacking
i can t believe he was digits years old , i still picture him the age he was in ghostbusters
seems he s really into horror i saw maniac last night and it was pretty crazy
side note : you should see brotherhood if you haven t seen it yet because trevor morgan is the star i will check it out trevor morgan was a nice , unpretentious guy and i have enjoyed his performances
some men just want to watch tangerines burn
looks like a kamen rider to me
digits years a slave no film has made me cry the way that film has from the ending to while the end credits were up , i was crying powerful movie , powerful
gates of fire was amazeballs if you are interested in this period in history , it s a must-read
i want to watch that movie just to figure out why the fuck james franco decided to be in it i mean , we all know jason statham doesn t say no to anything , but franco doesn t fit in there at all
if the reports are correct , just wait til guardians of the galaxy comes out for the greatest cameo throwback ever edit - before all of the people asking what i m talking about , i ll just put it here spoilers ahead for guardians of the galaxy , though not story spoilers just awesome cameo spoilers - spoilers -
another thing to try while you re sleeping : dmt
i just watched catching fire and liked it way more than the first movie i have no doubt the next two will be even better
i do not like any quentin tarantino films
i upvoted your comment before reading it
man i love this guy i just started season one of game of thrones and can t wait to see him throughout the entire series so excited ! happy
campbell ?
will be downvoted but this looks ridiculous
they had the same thing happen to them for their digitsth episode that was gon na show muhammed comedy central got threats from some muslims and heavily censored it
as a girl with a slightly pronounced nose like gaga i m glad many of you think she s attractive
don t worry , buddy i got you covered
the great owl and nicodemus from the secret of nimh i m digits and they still give me the damn creeps
yeah emilia is hot and all but her character and acting in got is super-annoying
this song was my grind as a kid i just knew my little chubby caucasian self could be a ninja whenever i listened to it
anders from workaholics being in there was more unexpected for me i hope he gets bigger roles in major comedies he s definitely my favorite of the workaholics cast
god , how jennifer lawrence has aged somehow she manages to look amazing despite the years
how has nobody said the star wars prequels , directed by this guy : url
am i the only one that is concerned that they re back on tatooine yet again ? it s an over-used location , it s in digits of the digits movies , why go back ? it makes me concerned that this script is going to be too reliant on nostalgia and not original enough
she s charming and attractive but is natalie portman a great actress ? i can think of black swan and that s about it her accent in v for vendetta works only if one imagines she s actually continental european
i had no idea miyazaki made directed lupin ii cool edit : he was the one of the directors
micheal cera
well , that s gross
if there s no brendan frasier , what s the point ? !
that looked interesting too
lone ranger was also shitty
because this man was actually quite talented he was a master of his craft you don t see that often any more
where did you get that from ?
r movies hmm , excellent question definitely can be the oscars were last night an event the celebrates film and is a group of people having fun while there
if you want , i think i still have the pdf somewhere
says digits , digits for me
i d still be annoyed by the on-the-nose writing , acting
least ? source code
that was a good fight though
the most impressive part in this clip , is the guy who jumps and manages to hang on to the side of the road before falling i ve done something similar before , and the blow from hitting the edge like that causes immense pain
i em seeing it during its first run people were sitting with their legs pulled up , knees under their chins the screams when that head bobbed into view , the audible exhalation when brody killed the shark what an absolutely awesome summer
totally agree intentional , not an error
wasn t he actually on lemmons ?
that photographer must really like himself `` superman s sitting right in front of me waiting to be photographed ? nah , dawg , selfie ``
american hustle it wasn t a terrible film but it also isn t a very good one , and it is definitely overrated how this movie got so many oscar nominations is beyond me
i really wish netflix had more than just kagemusha on instant ue
this works in canada but i m not sure about the uk it should visit url
and the matrix trilogy
you just did !
i feel like every young man in california has had this hair cut for the last year what the hell does your guys hair look like everywhere else , if it s not this ? i really want to know
legend of the guardians rise of guardians of the galaxy
if only it was being released somewhere ! no theater in digits miles of me is playing it
imo jamie fox wasn t even ed in that movie
one judge , vs a team of sociologists the last time i checked judge s aren t experts on little kids and child abuse whereas the case workers and sociologists were
do you think it might be plants ? !
i kind of expect nearly every batman villain would be referenced since this batman is old and retired but i don t think a playing card would be his reference
holy shit , i just imagined arnie as the doctor it was awesome !
can i just say mila seemed to be massively into him by the end of that ? her body language was insane there
you made me laugh for a solid minute thank you !
better yet , show peter s relationship as a child with harry so it isn t shoehorned in halfway through
i don t get it , it was an awesome comedy what the fuck are razzie awards smoking ? ! i still em almost all of the scenes it was laughter after laughter
the other day i was going down on my girlfriend and i said , `` geeze you ve got a big pussy geeze you ve got a big pussy ``
or that weird floating eyeball thing what the fuck was that ?
you ain t never seen a long dick before ?
actually looks funny
i mean , i think oj is a murder you think oj is a crime ?
`` lets hack into their mainframe `` can t believe how many modern movies still refer to the mainframe
`` klingon motherfucker ! do you speak it ? ''
leonardo dicaprio is like the daniel bryan of the movie industry
looks awesome , but i really hope they don t go too overboard on wub sound effects that stuff was awesome for a couple of years , now it just feels like they plug it in wherever they can in every action movie
and it s probably going to win the oscar , too i honestly can t see the academy voting for either lone ranger or jackass
awesome there was one more that took me a while to em , the sooty show ! url
christian bale i didn t know that dude was british until a little while ago
it will probably the better of the two dueling hercules movies
gone in sixty seconds
anywhere you can buy reprints of these ?
it s like poetry you know ? it rhymes
can you smell what the cock is cooking
i hear he s looking into doing some comedy now particularly doing improvisational comedy now
you pay proper respect to batman s penis
here you go !
i believe in this one the one you posted seems to be trying too hard to have a mistake in everything
nah man , for the complete ejaculation , we still need that best original song
paranorman is pretty good , you should also check out coraline
lol actually i have direct experience with all of the above
neighbors will be interesting initially i was really pumped because , after the screening they showed at sxsw , the critics were raving about it ( it was at digits % on rt after digits reviews ) however , closer to the release date , the reviews have become more mixed and people are saying it s more of your typical cliched party movie
hell , i am and i totally agree with this statement
`` cinematography '' and `` underrated '' r movies two favorite words when it comes to movies
anybody want a pizza roll ? email me if you want a pizza roll
digits year old man with heart failure and parkinson s , a risk-taking adrenaline junkie , a heroin addict , and a digits year old man all dead within a few years of each other what is this madness ? ! ? who next ? kirk douglas ? zsa zsa ? chief keef ? ! ?
you guys just criticize everything huh ?
`` game over , man ! game over ! ''
zac efron stumbled
she s fresh off a new season of one of the most popular tv shows of the past digits years , i d say she s doing more than just trying
bruce needs to learn a solid rear naked choke that was super weak
narcissistic but i still agree with the choice , he was excellent
in case anyone was wondering , it is available on netflix streaming
actually , a little while ago he stated that he saw amazing spiderman and said that he loved it
methinks you are reading too much into it my guess would be that all of these movies are fakes
glengarry glen ross
digits years a slave : no
was it that good ?
please update ! my job requires me to be at my computer all day and i have digits screens , one of which i designate for netflix all day while i work i m thinking of watching this tomorrow !
here s a closer look at the mask
don t get mad , but this url
in the dark knight the semi was physically flipped over this bus flip isn t as impressive because it s just computers and stuff url
i m not quite sure about their font choice
oh my i never thought about that ! and even better , what an amazing box set that would make if they put all digits ( assuming they stop after that ) phases into one collection itd take a week just to finish all them
i think spacey stole the focus in this photo
short by digits feet in this movie edit the above comment originally said digits feet
here s a higher quality video of the trailer
reminds me of how willem defoe looked much more like the green goblin without the mask than with it
i know it s been used in the simpsons but that s not a movie i ve never seen it but i did a google search and found that hoodwinked uses it
michael caine , matt damon
way before open range he was in a western called silverado ( digits ) which you never hear about but it has stood up well over time great casting with the likes of kevin kline , scott glenn , danny glover , john cleese also , costner is cast , not in his typical handsome leading man role but as a comical , goofy sidekick type if you haven t seen it , it s worth a look url
so will the next movie be set after days of future past or before the end of days of future past ? like spoiler
it appears they spared no expense
great year for music , too
it s okay , france is bacon after all
# digits when every thing turns out to be a dream sequence hypersleep coma # digits when two enemies have their guns pointed at each other and do some sort of stand-off , but neither pulls the trigger face off has a good example of this idiocy
i saw digits rise of an empire last night pleasantly surprised another pleasant surprise would be sense and sensibility
man i fucking loved at
yeah , the digits remake was nowhere as good as carpenter s
alright , alright , alright
no animated minions , just digitss time travelers
i kinda wanted to build a snowman
i once saw a tangerine the size of a tangerine
that s not even cannon anyway
because there s only dozens of us !
sharp editing it could have been super cheesy but they nailed it
we saw another egot achieved tonight very cool
i can t handle that jonah is a two time nominee it s so bizarre
he looks pretty good for an old man
the pizza guy was probably an actor too much to risk to not have it be scripted
all of the internet fan-made montages have ruined me for these academy award montages because they re always so much better
can confirm !
i love everything about raimi s movies except his green goblin willem dafoe looked more like the green goblin before he put on the mask
flight it d be way better if he ended up lying at the testimony and without the cheesy speech with his son in prison
beverly hills cop digits
dude , there s game of thrones tabletop ?
a cursory examination of your recent comment history suggests you tend to be a gigantic fucking racist and that could maybe possibly somehow contribute to your puzzled predicament
reddit go fuck yourself to you
you got the power !
because he s too busy laughing all the way to the bank
what a time to be alive
digits years a slave : i never had a digitsth birthday
look at the sixth picture in the album there s your answer
leto and mcconaughey look like they re about to make out in the photo shoot
that sucks what about bob ?
reminiscent of the arrival to earth scene from the first movie maybe it s a scout for the cybertronian villain or something ?
toy story , the only successful movie trilogy ever is what im getting from this chart
didn t he mess up somebody else s name earlier this year and or last year ?
he spared no expense rip
tyler perry racks on racks
it was too much like moon with sam rockwell i bet there s a few other movies it was like too but that s why i didn t fully appreciate it
why , you stuck up , half-witted , scruffy-looking nerf herder
what the hell happened ? looks like she couldn t hear herself properly sad
mark wahlberg - the happening he was more wooden and tree-like than the evil trees were
the only reason i em is because it was my first time receiving theater head
you re also lazy !
seeing paul walker got me
there s dozens of us !
and when the climax is about to occur , the music from inception starts playing url
of course , i apologize for not originally including it the reason it s an image is because it s from multiple separate testimonies from academy members here
digits % agree i picked it , but digits years is the safe choice
leto did an amazing job but i will say jonah hill did the best job in supporting actor he didn t deserve his money ball nomination but he did deserve a win as donny hill did great with leo and stole a lot of scenes i am a big wolf of wall street fan and understand completely why it didn t win much ( if not any ) i believe the subject matter hurt hill s chances
i was ( and still am ) absolutely infuriated with all the changes he made in my entire life , i ve only hated digits people hitler , toby , and shyamalan
it would be really nice if the could fuck up beijing or moscow and leave our cities alone
and he whispers : alright , alright , alright
really ? i thought it just looked like oblivion digits : generic sci fi thriller with tom cruise
anyone want to go in on this ? , i ve got $ digits
well fuck me this movie had my interest , but i didn t know about the killing jesus bit now it has my curiosity
nice to see the hive-mind at work in its blatant `` downvote anything movie digits related '' mode keep telling that to yourself , kid
and it was absolutely perfect that way
who is will smith s son playing ?
i expected the ceo of disney to look more whimsical
the skeksis will always be number one for me
i m still waiting for my damn sequel there was once , briefly , a rumor that tarantino was interested
i disagree that you agree
i just realized for the first time since the announcement of ben affleck as batman , that i d been confusing him with ben stiller oops
the thing
leto
every female lead from every tim burton-movie combined
here s another question how did he get back adamantium claws in the future ? last we saw , he lost them to the silver samurai
i don t think they re gon na show twows that much love the movie feels slow at points , especially in the second half , and i feel that s gon na hurt its votes
boondock saints sitting at digits % is a god damn shame
